one of the reasons progressives say they
hate Donald Trump is because he lies a
lot
Trump they'll tell you is a committed
liar an inveterate one to prove the
point the left has said about trying to
catalog Trump's dishonesty with the kind
of scientific precision you normally
associate with obsessed baseball fans or
amateur bird watchers as of last month
according to the Washington Post Donald
Trump has made a total of thirteen
thousand four hundred and thirty five
false or misleading statements while in
office as the post points out the line
began at the inauguration perhaps you
remember this claim which at the time
deeply offended official Washington
here's a picture of the crowd now the
audience was the biggest ever but this
crowd was massive look how far back it
goes we're not gonna lie to you that was
untrue the crowd at the 2017
inauguration was not the largest ever
measured on the National Mall sorry it
wasn't why did the president claim it
was well because that's who he is
Donald Trump is a Salesman he's a talker
a boaster a booster a compulsive
self-promoter at times he's a full-blown
BS artist
if Trump hadn't gotten rich in real
estate he could have made a fortune
selling cars
most people know this it's obvious
transparent really so is lying really
the reason the left despises Donald
Trump or could the problem be as is so
often the case the exact opposite of
what they claim it is think back over
the last four years when have the CNN
anchors been the angriest was it when
Donald Trump told some whopper or
exaggerated his own accomplishments no
they're used to that kind of line
everyone who spends time around
politicians is used to it what
infuriates official Washington is not
what Trump lies it's when he tells the
truth truth is the real threat to their
power there's an unspoken agreement
among the people in charge of our
country not to talk about what has
happened to it they are personally
implicated in its decline for one thing
often they're profiting from it the last
thing they want is a national
conversation about what went wrong and
so they maintain an increasingly strict
power
see of mandatory reality avoidance
everything's fine they shout voices
rising in hysteria - firstly is our
strength shut up or will hurt you but
Trump won't shut up he keeps talking
that's his crime that's why they hate
him it started with his very first
speech as a presidential candidate when
Mexico sends its people they're not
sending their best they're not sending
you they're not sending you they're
sending people that have lots of
problems and they're bringing those
problems with us they're bringing drugs
they're bringing crime they're rapists
and some I assume are good people now
Trump didn't claim that everyone coming
over the southern borders are criminal
but some are and that's true and
precisely because it is true you are
absolutely under no circumstances
allowed to say it acknowledging that not
every illegal alien improves America
raises an uncomfortable question if your
legal immigration has a downside then
why is Washington allowed so much of it
if the people in charge actually cared
about us they would protect our borders
but they don't care they've let millions
and millions of foreigners whose names
we don't even know for certain stream in
from abroad to use our services lower
our wages and yes in some cases commit
crimes that's all true which almost by
definition made it unacceptable to say
the news anchors pretended that by
saying it Trump was somehow attacking
defenseless Mexicans but actually he was
attacking them the gatekeepers in our
national media the people who should
have been sounding the alarm about all
of this but instead made common cause
with the ruling class they were supposed
to be covering and keeping honest our
system is rotten and corrupt and the
news media are a major reason for why
that is that's what Donald Trump pointed
out and not surprisingly they despised
him for doing it ask yourself what's a
bigger scandal to your average
journalist the fact that homicidal ms-13
gang members have flooded into this
country from Central America and now
terrorized communities from Los Angeles
to Long Island or the possibility that
someone might
about that well we don't need to guess
the answer because last year Donald
Trump dared to complain about ms-13
watch so when the ms-13 comes in when
the other gang members come in to our
country I refer to them as animals and
guess what I always will now keep in
mind that the motto of ms-13 is
literally kill rape control you might
not have known that since details about
what ms-13 actually is and what ms-13
actually does have received far less
media attention than Donald Trump's
criticism of the gang murdering the
people with knives might be bad but
insulting illegal alien murderers is in
the moral hierarchy of Washington a far
graver sin through serious problem with
the president the humanizing any group
of people in the United States even if
they are hardened criminals the history
of political leaders dehumanizing
opponents even criminals and using
animal metaphors is a dangerous one and
it is a very slippery slope when you
start dehumanizing people this way it's
what the Nazis did we're all God's
children when the President of the
United States says about undocumented
immigrants these aren't people these are
animals you have to wonder it does he
not believe in the spark of divinity
we're all God's children she tells us
spoken like someone who knows her own
children will never face the
consequences of the policies she
supports lost in the haze of all this
moralizing was any meaningful discussion
of those policies now a cynic might say
that was by design it was the whole
point of the tantrum it's certainly a
theme in Washington a similar passion
play unfolded just a few months before
when the president was heard speaking
candidly about immigration in the White
House during a conversation with
advisers Trump asked why so many
immigrants come to the u.s. from
impoverished countries if immigration is
supposed to make America better he asked
shouldn't we try to draw people from the
most advanced societies well it's an
obvious question you could debate it of
course but it's a real question so of
course
CNN had to scream at you just to make
sure you would never ask that question
this is a very deeply offensive language
it says the president
here why are we having all these people
from whole countries come here present
some shocking and racist remarks about
immigrants coming from whole countries
sparking discuss tonight do you have an
example of any bold country that the
president referred to that is
predominantly Caucasian
I'm not surprised in one way I'm proud I
am a proud polar no we are not all
created equal at least not if you were
born in as the president put it a whole
country my desperate grandparents from a
country that was considered it by people
like the president oh the posturing but
let's be real is there a single living
person who disagrees with Trump's
assessment of Haiti probably not
certainly Haitian immigrants agree with
them that's why they moved here nobody
on any of the seen end panels you just
saw is relocating to Haiti anytime soon
for the same reason Oslo Helsinki Vienna
Vancouver no problem port-au-prince no
thanks
so if you want to know what people
actually think ignore what they say
especially on television watch what they
do no one really believes Haiti is an
appealing place on the other hand
criticizing Haiti in public calls into
questions decades of elite approved
immigration policy so it must be
forbidden lest our leaders be
embarrassed that's what it's about
that's what it's always about pick a
topic last year after the killing of
Saudi columnist Jamal Khashoggi
President Trump said in effect that
while he disapproved of the murder of
course Saudi Arabia remains a US ally
the president decided the 450 billion
dollars worth of Saudi investments in
the United States as well as Saudi
agreements to buy more than a hundred
billion dollars in American military
equipment if we broke our alliance with
the Saudis he said the US economy would
suffer and China and Russia would
benefit instead now whatever you think
of the Saudis and most sober people find
them revolting we certainly do what he
said is literally true this is the
arrangement we have this is Raymond we
have had with the Saudi Kingdom for
generations now everyone in Washington
knows that because a lot of them are
actually on the Saudi payroll Trump's
crime was saying it out loud that's
always the crime and the same of course
is true with Baltimore
or maybe the most depressing big city on
the eastern seaboard been there
everyone Washington's been there it's
only an hour away if you want to take
the Acela from Washington to New York
you have to pass through Baltimore and
if it's daylight out
there's no denying the awful reality of
the place this summer the president told
the rest of the world what it's like
Baltimore he said is a quote rodent
infested hellhole not to mention a quote
corrupt mess all undeniably true
the latest mayor of the town just went
to jail again but the obvious follow-up
is why is Baltimore so bad how did it
get so poor and so hopeless and of
course part of the answer is 50 years of
uninterrupted Democratic Party rule
hasn't helped Baltimore very much but
saying that would be embarrassing to the
Democratic Party so the party's
apologists don't want to have that
conversation instead they attacked the
man who tried to start it this weekend
racist messages raging from the
president's Twitter feed Donald Trump
masterfully makes it a racist debate
about Baltimore another racist attack on
an african-american member of Congress
and the city he represents well the
president is as he usually is or often
is disgusting and racist he uses the
racist appeal he uses a bait and switch
in the most bigoted and racist way
meanwhile in Washington the leaders of
the Episcopal Church and for the sake of
technical accuracy imagine air quotes
around the word Church issued a Florence
florid statement calling the president's
words about Baltimore quote dangerous
they no doubt felt virtuous issuing that
statement but nothing in the end changed
in Baltimore Baltimore remained actually
dangerous not in some theoretical
academic Episcopal Church kind of way
we're all the violence's to your
feelings but real danger the kind where
your kid gets shot riding his bike to
the store that's what life is like in
the physical city of Baltimore a place
where MSNBC contributors and left-wing
Protestant clerics fear to tread that
place is still sad and desperate and
screwed up and absolutely not one person
in Washington DC cares at all that it is
except the extent that they want to make
certain that you never think or talk
about Baltimore because thinking or
talking about
Baltimore or for that matter thinking
you're talking about I don't know mass
immigration the war in Afghanistan
middle-class life expectancy and decline
pick something thinking or talking about
any of that might point up their own
egregious failures and selfishness which
are profound and whatever we do we can't
bring that up because it's embarrassing
so instead let's just agree that Donald
Trump is a racist flier and move on and
by the way did you know that he's up to
almost 14,000 lies by now my gosh what a
bad person he is unlike us